To get a more accurate idea of the performance after optimizing hyperparameter,
we need to use a technique called nested cross-validation.
In this technique, we pick the best set of hyperparameters on a subset of the data,
and then evaluate it on the holdout set.
This is similar to using a train validation tests set split,
but we don't have enough data to split our data set into three parts.
So we can nest the hyperparameter selection into another layer of cross-validation.
So this is how it works.
In nested cross-validation, we have two cross-validation folds going on.
We'll store the confusion matrix for the outer cross-validation here,
and the outer loop we'll split the dataset into a test set,
and then a training plus validation set.
We'll keep track of the best hyperparameters for this training and validation set.
On that set, we will iterates through our selection of hyperparameters.
Just like we did above, we will build
a new model for each set of hyperparameters and then
compute to leave one subject out performance for that set of hyperparameters.
Here, instead of testing on the test set,
we're testing on our validation set and we compute
the classification accuracy on the validation set.
Because we're keeping track of our best set of hyperparameters,
we can now build the best model for this training and validation sets.
In this time, our model has not seen the test set.
So when we test our model on the test set,
we can be sure that we're not overfitting either the parameters or the hyperparameters.
We then compute the confusion matrix on the test set
and aggregate it for all the outer cross-validation folds.
This code takes a long time to run,
so I've already run it before this video.
When we compute the classification accuracy by nest cross-validation,
we can see a significant drop in our classifier's performance.
In the next video, we'll take a look at another hyperparameter that can be optimized.